# Middleware Learning With the FastAPI
We are going to learn how to use middleware in the FastAPI with an pratical example.

## Introduction
Middleware in context of API is a function which is executed before or after every request it is processed.


## Scope 
- First build an SQL database with SQLAlchemy and SQLLite.
- Make a FastAPI end point to perform CRUD operations on the database.
- In SQLLite database we will have a table called `users` with columns `id`, `email`, `password` and `created_at`.
- We will use to create_at a default as UTC time zone.
- We will autoomatically generate the `id` and `created_at` fields.
- Now we will create a middleware in which we will show user the there timezone response when server `create` the user.


## Theory behind this method
We should store time in the UTC Timezone and convert it to the user's timezone when we show it to the user. This will avoid all the future past conficts we can have in our application. I see when i work on a company then a my senior person do this mistake. That he use the deafult time zone of the server and then update time in a database the time field my middleware. 

Acutally, I learn about middle from there, but i think that is a bad idea. I want to be time as a straight line (forward), The above method harm that.

So, hope you get understand about time zone and date influence by that. 

## LICENSE
[MIT License](./LICENSE) 
So, you can use this code for your personal and commercial use, like if you can use.

## Author
This code is generated by [FastAPI Template]("https://www.github.com/DeepeshKalura/Fastapi-Template") by [Deepesh Kalura]("https://www.github.com/DeepeshKalura")

**Note:** I am not a native English speaker, so please ignore my grammatical mistakes. 

```python
print("Happy Learning")
```
